Reorganise documentation (#1414)
statechannels/go-nitro: architecture.md

## go-nitro architecture

The flow of data through go-nitro (running as an independent process) is shown in this diagram:

![go-nitro architecture](./go-nitro%20architecture.png)

> 0. An API can originate as a remote procedure call (RPC) over https/ws or nats. The RPC call is handled by a server which consumes a go-nitro node as a library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. An API call can originate as a remote procedure call (RPC) over https/ws or nats. The RPC call is handled by a server which consumes a go-nitro node as a library.
```

> 1. The go-nitro `engine` runs in its own goroutine and has a select statement listening for a message from one of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The go-nitro `engine` runs in its own goroutine and listens for messages from one of:
```

>    - the consuming application (the go-nitro `node` translates an API call into a send on a go channel, and returns a go channel where a response will later be received)
>    - the `message` service
>    - the `chain` service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - the consuming application - the end-user wishes to perform some action
   - the `message` service - a network peer has requested some cooperative action
   - the `chain` service - a channel we are involved with has had a state change on chain 
```

prior parenthetical probably too detailed and non-illuminating.
